Create Auth OIDC feature (#177)
temporalio/web: README.md

| TEMPORAL_HOT_RELOAD_TEST_PORT | HTTP port used by hot reloading in tests                          | 8082           |
| TEMPORAL_EXTERNAL_SCRIPTS     | Addtional JavaScript tags to serve in the UI                      |                |

### Configuring Authentication (optional)

> Since v1.2, Temporal Web offers optional Oauth SSO authentication. You can enable it by adding a `server/config.yml` file:

Reviewer: i would defer to @feedmeapples to answer about the https but in future i would definitely like to enable auth through the UI instead of just changing the file.

also the wording is a little off:

```suggestion
Since v1.2, Temporal Web offers optional Oauth SSO authentication. You can enable it by changing the `server/config.yml` file:
```

```yaml
auth:
  - label: 'googleoidc'
    type: oidc
    issuer: https://accounts.google.com

>     client_id: xxxxxxxxxx-58gs7ps0tsksremutquoea45ug79pdam.apps.googleusercontent.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    client_id: xxxxxxxxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx.apps.googleusercontent.com
```

>   - label: 'googleoidc'
>     type: oidc
>     issuer: https://accounts.google.com
>     client_id: xxxxxxxxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx.apps.googleusercontent.com
>     client_secret: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
>     callback_base_uri: http://localhost:8088

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  enabled: false
  providers:
	  - label: 'googleoidc'
	    type: oidc
	    issuer: https://accounts.google.com
	    client_id: xxxxxxxxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx.apps.googleusercontent.com
	    client_secret: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
	    callback_base_uri: http://localhost:8088
```

```

In future, multiple Oauth providers may be supported, however for now we only read the first Oauth provider under the `auth` key above.

Common Oauth Providers and their docs:

- Google: https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/oauth2/openid-connect
- Auth0: tbc
- Okta: tbc

> If you are hosting Temporal Web at `http://localhost:8088`, then you will need to tell your Oauth provider to redirect to `http://localhost:8088/auth/callback`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are hosting Temporal Web at `http://localhost:8088`, then you will need to tell your Oauth provider to redirect to `http://localhost:8088/auth/callback`. This is configured by `callback_base_uri` in the settings.
```

| TEMPORAL_HOT_RELOAD_TEST_PORT | HTTP port used by hot reloading in tests                          | 8082           |
| TEMPORAL_EXTERNAL_SCRIPTS     | Addtional JavaScript tags to serve in the UI                      |                |

### Configuring Authentication (optional)

Since v1.2, Temporal Web offers optional Oauth SSO authentication. You can enable it by adding a `server/config.yml` file:

```yaml
auth:
  enabled: false
  providers:

> 	  - label: 'googleoidc'
> 	    type: oidc
> 	    issuer: https://accounts.google.com
> 	    client_id: xxxxxxxxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx.apps.googleusercontent.com
> 	    client_secret: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
> 	    callback_base_uri: http://localhost:8088

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - label: 'googleoidc'
        type: oidc
        issuer: https://accounts.google.com
        client_id: xxxxxxxxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx.apps.googleusercontent.com
        client_secret: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
        callback_base_uri: http://localhost:8088
```
